= testsmtpd

The testsmtpd gem implements a simple dummy smtp server which
can be used to test email delivery of your software projects.

This project is in very early development stage.

== Using maildirsmtpd

maildirsmtpd is a small command line tool which starts
an smtp server on port 1025 (can be overridden by the --port option)
and writes all incoming mails to the specified directory in the
maildir format.

  Usage: maildirsmtpd [options] maildir
    -p, --port PORT                  Listen on port PORT
    -h, --host HOST                  Listen on host HOST
    -d, --[no-]debug                 Turn on debugging messages
        --help                       Show this message


== Using as a library

=== Example
This example starts a simple smtp server which
accepts all mails and dumps them to stdout.

  server = TestSmtpd.new(:port => 1025, :host => "localhost", :debug => true) do |msg|
    puts "Mail recieved: #{msg}"
  end
  server.start
  server.join

== Contributing to testsmtpd

* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Moritz Breit. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

